docs: Add documentation about magic folder (#104)
cozy/cozy-doctypes: docs/io.cozy.apps.md

  }
}
```

> # Specials `io.cozy.apps` doctypes 

Reviewer: Why not using io.cozy.files instead of io.cozy.apps ?

Author: Because it more about the application that use the file than the file itself.

> We have a few `magic folders` in the cozy ecosytem like `Admistrative` or `Photos`... In order to let the user rename these folders without having our app re-creating them everytime, we have used a few special doctypes to use them in the [`referenced_by` attribute](https://docs.cozy.io/en/cozy-stack/references-docs-in-vfs/#post-filesfile-idrelationshipsreferenced_by) . 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some folders are remarkable, like the 'Administrative' and the 'Photos' folders. You shouldn't address them by their path as it may vary depending on the user language and the user may have renamed them anyways.

To identify them, you can ask for a special [`referenced_by` attribute](https://docs.cozy.io/en/cozy-stack/references-docs-in-vfs/#post-filesfile-idrelationshipsreferenced_by).

For example, a request for all io.cozy.files referended by the doctype `io.cozy.apps` and the document id `administrative` will return you the io.cozy.files document of the folder 'Administrative' whatever its name or path.
```

> We have a few `magics folders` in the cozy ecosytem like `Admistrative` or `Photos`... In order to let the user renames these folders without having our app re-creating them everytime, we have created a few specials doctypes to use them in the [`referenced_by` attribute](https://docs.cozy.io/en/cozy-stack/references-docs-in-vfs/#post-filesfile-idrelationshipsreferenced_by) . 

Reviewer 3: s/magics/magic/ & s/specials/special/

Reviewer: s/renames/rename

> we have created

Are they really "created" or just used ?

Here is the list: 
```
ADMINISTRATIVE FOLDER: io.cozy.apps/administrative
PHOTOS FOLDER: io.cozy.apps/photos
PHOTOS_BACKUP FOLDER: io.cozy.apps/photos/mobile

> PHOTOS_UPLOAD FOLDER: io.cozy.apps/photos/upload

Reviewer: Can you add a description ? The difference between the photos folders is particularly unclear to me.
